OSDOCS#13404: Updated cluster backup policy (#93891)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-sdpolicy-platform.adoc

[id="rosa-sdpolicy-backup-policy_{context}"]
== Cluster backup policy

Red Hat recommends object-level backup solutions for ROSA clusters. OpenShift API for Data Protection (OADP) is included in OpenShift but not enabled by default. Customers can configure OADP on their clusters to achieve object-level backup and restore capabilities.

//Omitted until XCMSTRAT-480 is complete
//While Red Hat takes frequent backups of etcd, this is for use by Red Hat for maintenance and service restoration purposes, and is never provided to customers for any reason.

Red Hat does not back up customer applications or application data. Customers are solely responsible for applications and their data, and must put their own backup and restore capabilities in place.

[WARNING]
====

> Customers are solely responsible for backing up and restoring their applications and application data. For more information about customer responsibilities, refer to _Shared responsibility matrix_.

Reviewer: Per [guidelines](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#lead-in-link-sentence-style-for-non-xref-situations) 
```suggestion
Customers are solely responsible for backing up and restoring their applications and application data. For more information about customer responsibilities, see "Shared responsibility matrix".
```
